Add descriptions into deposit/withdrawal docs (#114)
dydxprotocol/v4-documentation: pages/deposits_and_withdrawals/cli_commands.md

### Deposit to Subaccount

> The below cmd allows depositing funds into a subaccount from a sender. This can be a self deposit with the sender and recipient address being the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below cmd allows depositing funds into a subaccount (`x/subaccounts`) from a sender's `x/bank` account. 

Typically, this cmd is used to self deposit, which can be done by setting the sender and recipient address to be the same address.
```

Author: "Typically, this cmd is used to self deposit, which can be done by setting the sender and recipient address to be the same address"

Is this true? Seems like it doesn't actually have to be

Author: Done

```bash
dydxprotocold tx sending deposit-to-subaccount <sender_key_or_address> <recipient_address> <recipient_subaccount_number> <quantums> [flags]
```

> Example:

Reviewer: we should note that this is a self-deposit

Author: this is self explanatory based on the params?

Author: Added in the first snippet

```bash

> NATIVE_TOKEN_DENOM=adv4tnt

Reviewer: lets remove this line

Author: responded to this on the old PR: [The NATIVE_TOKEN_DENOM var is just for ease of use on the cmd here. I already have the note pointing to the url](https://github.com/dydxprotocol/v4-documentation/pull/110#discussion_r1462077017)

@vincentwschau also suggested the same

Author: removed

dydxprotocold tx sending deposit-to-subaccount dydx1g2ygh8ufgwwpg5clp2qh3tmcmlewuyt2z6px8k dydx1g2ygh8ufgwwpg5clp2qh3tmcmlewuyt2z6px8k 0 <usdc_quantum_uint64> --keyring-backend test --fees 5000000000000000<native_token_denom>
```

> Note: Token denoms for transfer amounts and fees can be found [here](https://docs.dydx.exchange/networks/network1/network_constants#native-token-denom)

Reviewer: @shrenujb can we use relative path instead of the absolute path for the link?

### Withdraw from Subaccount

> The below cmd allows withdrawing funds from a subaccount to a recipient. This can be a self withdraw with the sender and recipient address being the same

Reviewer: can we update the description to be similar as the above suggestion?

```bash
dydxprotocold tx sending withdraw-from-subaccount <sender_key_or_address> <sender_subaccount_number> <recipient_address> <quantums> [flags]
```

> Example:

Reviewer: same as above, we should note that this is a self-withdraw

Author: Self explanatory?

Author: Added in the top snippet

```bash

> NATIVE_TOKEN_DENOM=adv4tnt

Reviewer: rm this line

Author: removed
